----[ Notes ]----

Mouser PN#'s:
input cap: 810-C3225Y5V1C226Z-9
output cap: 810-C1608X5R0J226M
Pushbutton pull-down: 667-ERJ-6GEYJ475V
Main Inductor: 652-SRR7032-100M

Ripple at 8.4v to 3.3v w/ 10uH inductor
0.24A

Module pinout:
1. Enable                 _
2. Vin (3-pin regulator)   |
3. Gnd (3-pin regulator)   | Silkscreen box
4. Vout (3-pin regulator) _|
5. Low-Battery Out

----[ User Manual ]----

Things to add to your circuit:

Reverse polarity protection:
In the form of a low-voltage drop diode or MOSFET-based circuit
Why is it not in the module?
Both of the above mentioned components introduce some form of inefficiency and cost more.
Diodes have a voltage drop, MOSFETs have on-resistance and 
In addition, you will most likely connect your motor drivers directly to the battery
while the switching regulator powers the logic and sensors. Integrating reverse polarity protection into the module will not protect those components.
If you want, you can add a diode to your circuit while you prototype or final circuit
But you should use polarity-coded connectors for your batteries anyway.
And just be careful.

Saving power:
The power LED lets you see at a glace whether the circuit is powered. But if your project needs to run for the longest time posible on a battery charge, this will save a few mA.

Not populating the LBI voltage divider nor the LBO pull-up will net you few microamps, but this should rarely be necessary.

Staying on:
If you already have an external power switch, shorting J1 and not popluating either pushbutton will cause the module to turn on whenever power is applied, thus acting like a regular 3-pin regulator.

Software-controlled shutdown:
Using an additional transistor, you can have your microcontroller turn off it's own power by momentarily pulling the Enable pin to ground through a 10K resistor. The resistor prevents a battery-to-ground short if the module's "On" button is pressed at the same time). The pushbutton causes full battery voltage to appear on the Enable pin, do not connect the enable pin directly to your microcontroller.
[insert diagram here]
